Will Fritz
1/31/2017

The user uses the program by simply typing a number between 1 and 7 to select where they want there peiece to go on a virtual standard connect 4 board. The first player to go will have the spots marked by 'X', while the second player will have their spots marked by 'O'. AT any time if a player matches 4 in a row, a victory message is displayed for the appropriate player. When this happens the players can exit the game by typing -1. Also, at any point throughout the game either player can typ -1 instead of their choice to quit the game

Internally, the program consists of two main classes. The first is a column class named C4Col which keeps tracks of specifc char values ('X' or 'O'). Its private members include the number of discs currently in a specific column, a number to denote the max amount of discs allowed, and a character array to contain the specifc chars. The second class, C4Board is essentially used to create the board for the game. Its member functions are a default constructor, a function that displays the board, and a play function which contains the majority of the logic for the program. Its private members are something to keep track of the number of columns in it, an array of C4Col's, and a function called checkWin which is used to determine if a specific player has one. This function used the array of C4Col's to check whether consecutive chars were found either horizontally, vertically, or diagonally. In order to do this I created 3 spearate counter (vert, horz, and diag) which were only increased when a consecutive char was found. The function also had a input of a hcar so that it only chekced if that specifc char was consecutive. In order to check for consecutive char's, I first looked for a single instance, then I used for loops to check the surrounding spots on the board (only checked within limits of board) to see if there was that same original char. I used two for loops to check horizontally, 2 for loops to check vertically, and two for loops to check diagonally. If a matching char was not found adjacent to the original, then break was used to exit the for loop so the program would not count char's that were not adjacent to eachother. For example if I had X X X O X, the program would have not counted the 4th X since the O would have cause the for loop to stop (use of break). At the end of the function, the counters were evaluated to see if any of them equaled 4, if any did it returned true, and if all did not, it returned false.

The program was verified by checking extremes. For example, invalid input, casses of winning that may be counted and should not be (X X X O X), invalid moves. THis was mainly done by running the program multiple times and generalyl just playing the game to see if any unforseen bugs came about. 

There must be deconstructors, so that the memory allocated for the original array does not remain used up. Allowing a program to to allocate dynamic storage every time can eventually cause it to run out of space. THis space should not be wasted, therefore any synamic memoory storage created should be deleted when it is no longer needed
